cv.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: CV
permalink: /cv/
---

# CURRENT POSITION(S)

## Master’s Student at Tokyo Institute of Technology

**Master of Engineering**: `Expected Mar. 2019`  
Global Engineering for Development, Environment and Society,  
Department of Transdisciplinary Science and Engeering,  
School of Environment and Society,  
_Tokyo Institute of Technology_  

---

# EDUCATION

**Tokyo Institute of Technology, Tokyo, Japan**  
**Master of Engineering**  
Apr. 2017 to `Mar. 2019(expected)` **(GPA: 4.06)**  
_Research Topics: Psychometrics, Universial Design, User-Centred Design, Visual Impairment_  
Graduate Major in Global Engineering for Development, Environment and Society,  
Department of Transdisciplinary Science and Engineering,  
School of Environment and Society,  
_Tokyo Institute of Technology_

**Dongguk University, Seoul, Republic of Korea**  
**Bachelor of Science in Computer Science and Engineering (Advanced Course**  
Mar. 2009 to Oct. 2016 **(GPA: 3.71)**  
Advancded Computer Science and Engineering Course  
by Accreditation Board for Engineering Education of Korea  

* _Leave of Absence_
  * _Feb. 2011 to Dec. 2012: Study Abroad – B.C., Canada_
  * _Jan. 2012 to Feb. 2012: Study Abroad – Ishikawa, Japan_
  * _Mar. 2013 to Mar. 2015: Military Service_

---

# EXPERIENCE

**Communication Ambassador**  
_ACM SIGCHI_  
Mar. 2017 to Jul. 2018  
Being a SIGCHI Communication Ambassador is an exclusive opportunity for students, researcher and professionals active in the field of Human-Computer Interaction (HCI) around the world to spread the word about SIGCHI’s mission and members’ activities across the globe.

**Software Engineering Intern**  
_Eventacular_, Tokyo, Japan  
Mar. 2018 to Jul. 2018  
Backend and Frontend Software Development  

* Responsibilities:
  * Development of a web service frontend using React.js and Relay
  * Development of a web service backend using Phoenix (a Rails-like web framework written Elixir) and GraphQL
  * Writing tests for the frontend and backend
  * Use of Docker containers for development and deployment
  * Writing automation tasks for continuous integration and continuous deployment
  * Documenting code
  * Version control using Git
  * Use of tools such as Pivotal Tracker, Slack, Github, and Circle CI
  * Following an agile development process including test-driven development, pair programming, and continuous releases

**Intern**  
_Inferret_, Tokyo, Japan  
Feb. 2018 to Apr. 2018  
Research Project Intern

**Teaching Assistant**  
_Tokyo Institute of Technology_, Tokyo, Japan  
Sep. 2017 to Nov. 2017  
LAW.X115 “Introduction to Society and Technology”  

**Internship Programme**  
_Science Museum_, London, United Kingdom  
Aug. 2017 to Aug. 2017  
Tokyo Tech Internship Programme  
LAW.X401 Science Communication Science & Engineering Design for Global Talents – Overseas Programme:    Working for Science Communication and researching on communication and interaction skills in the [museum](http://www.sciencemuseum.org.uk)  

**Teaching Assistant**  
_Tokyo Institute of Technology_, Tokyo, Japan  
Jun. 2017 to Aug. 2017  
TSE.C203 “Social Design Project”  

**Teaching Assistant**  
_Dongguk University_, Seoul, Republic of Korea   
Mar. 2016 to Jun. 2016  
TA for a compulsory undergraduate course, Software in the future society [RGC 1040-02], for new student at the university. Roles were evaluating students’ assignment, reports and exams as well as answering their questions.  

**Public Officer**  
_Sangju City Hall_, Gyeongsangbuk-do, Republic of Korea  
Feb. 2014 to Mar. 2015  
Worked as a public officer in a community centre to provide public service to citizenry.  

**Public Officer**  
_Central District Office (Jung-gu Office)_, Seoul, Republic of Korea  
Apr. 2013 to Feb. 2014  
Worked as a public officer in a community centre to public service for companies and people.  

**Research Project Assistant**  
_Dongguk University_, Seoul, Republic of Korea  
May. 2010 to Jan. 2011  
Worked as an administration assistant at Visual Simulation Lab.  

---

# WORKSHOPS & EVENTS

**Technology and Product in Context**  
_CSM, University of the Arts London_  @Tokyo Tech  
Feb 2018  
by Dr. Ulrike Oberlack from _CSM_ and prof. Kayoko Nohara from _TokyoTech_.  

**Designing Wearable Lights**  
_CSM, University of the Arts London_  @Tokyo Tech  
Nov 2017  
[CSM x TokyoTech](http://blogs.arts.ac.uk/csm/2017/10/17/tokyo-second/#) by Dr. Betti Marenko from _CSM_ and prof. Kayoko Nohara from _TokyoTech_.  

**Design Thnking Workshop**  
_d.school, Stanford University_ @Tokyo Tech  
Mar 2017  
[d.school, Stanford University Workshop at Tokyo Tech](https://www.titech.ac.jp/english/event/2017/037284.html) by T. Both, S. Witthoft, and D. Janka, MD. from _d.school_.  

---

## HONOURS AND AWARDS  

**Achievement Award**  
_Korean Information Technology Supporters_  
Dec. 2015  

**Excellence Award of Graduation Project**  
_Dept. of Computer Sci. and Eng., Dongguk University_, Seoul  
Nov. 2015  

**The President’s Special Award**  
_the President of Dongguk University_, Seoul  
Nov. 2015  

**The First Prize**  
_Dept. of Computer Sci. and Eng., Dongguk University_, Seoul  
Dec. 2012  

**Excellence Award**  
_Jeonggakwon_, Dongguk University, Seoul  
Jun. 2012  

---

# SCHOLARSHIPS

**Half Tuition Fees: 1st Quarter and 2nd Quarter (Spring, 2018)**  
_Tokyo Institute of Technology_, Tokyo, Japan  
Apr. 2018 to Aug. 2018  

**Half Tuition Fees: 3rd Quarter and 4th Quarter (Fall, 2017)**  
_Tokyo Institute of Technology_, Tokyo, Japan  
Sep. 2017 to Feb. 2018  

**Full Tuition Fees: 1st Quarter and 2nd Quarter (Spring, 2017)**  
_Tokyo Institute of Technology_, Tokyo, Japan  
Apr. 2017 to Aug. 2017  

**Monbukagakusho Honors Scholarship**  
_Japanese Student Service Organization (JASSO)_, Japan  
Apr. 2017 to Mar. 2018  

**Teaching Assistant Scholarship**  
_Dongguk University_, Seoul, Republic of Korea  
Mar. 2015 to Jun. 2015  

**Photography Exhibition Winner Scholarship**  
_Dongguk University_, Seoul, Republic of Korea  
Jun. 2012  

**Japanese Language Program Scholarship**  
_Ishikawa Foundation for International Exchange_, Ishikawa, Japan  
Feb. 2012  

---

# PUBLICATIONS

1st Author Paper only

## 2018

**J. Hahn** and F. Takahashi. 2018. Universal Design for Bins with Psychological Analysis of People's Preference. _In proceeding of the 10th Asia-Pacific Landfill Symposium (APLAS Tokyo 2018)_, Tokyo, Japan  

**J. Hahn** et al.. 2018. Universal Design of PET Bottle Bins for People with Low Vision and Analysis of People’s Psychological Preference on Each Prototype Using Pairwise Comparison Methods. _In proceeding of the 2018 Korea-China-Japan Joint Symposium_, Asan, Republic of Korea  

**J. Hahn** and F. Takahashi. 2018. Potential Universal Design of Bins for Visually Impaired People and Their Psychological Preference Analysis. _In proceeding of the 29th Annual Conference of Japan Society of Material Cycles and Waste Management (JSMCWM2018)_, Nagoya, Japan  

**J. Hahn**. 2018. The Importance of Transdisciplinary Research for Potential Universal Design of Bins. _In proceeding of the Tenth Multidisciplinary International Student Workshop (MISW2018)_, Asia Oceania Top University League on Engineering (AOTULE), Tokyo, Japan  

**J. Han** and T. Hope. 2018. Pair Matching: Transdisciplinary Study for Introducing Computational Intelligence to Guide Dog Associations. _In Proceedings of the 23rd international conference on Intelligent user interfaces (IUI ’18)_. ACM, Tokyo, Japan  

### 2015

**J. HAN** et al.. 2015. An evaluation on accuracy of UAVs’ autonomous landing using GPS sensor module. _Winter Annual Korean Institute of Information Scientists and Engineers (KIISE) symposium 2015_, Pyeongchang, Republic of Korea, pp.1473~1475  

---

# PRESENTATIONS

## 2018

**J. Hahn**. 2018. Universal Design for Bins with Psychological Analysis of People's Preference. _In proceeding of the 10th Asia-Pacific Landfill Symposium (APLAS Tokyo 2018)_, Tokyo, Japan  

**J. Hahn**. 2018. Universal Design of PET Bottle Bins for People with Low Vision and Analysis of People’s Psychological Preference on Each Prototype Using Pairwise Comparison Methods. _In proceeding of the 2018 Korea-China-Japan Joint Symposium_, Asan, Republic of Korea  

**J. Hahn**. 2018. Potential Universal Design of Bins for Visually Impaired People and Their Psychological Preference Analysis. _In proceeding of the 29th Annual Conference of Japan Society of Material Cycles and Waste Management (JSMCWM2018)_, Nagoya, Japan  

**J. Hahn**. 2018. The Importance of Transdisciplinary Research for Potential Universal Design of Bins. _In proceeding of the Tenth Multidisciplinary International Student Workshop (MISW2018)_, Asia Oceania Top University League on Engineering (AOTULE), Tokyo, Japan  

**J. HAN**. 2018. Pair Matching: Transdisciplinary Study for Introducing Computational Intelligence to Guide Dog Associations. _In Proceedings of the 23rd international conference on Intelligent user interfaces (IUI ’18)_. ACM, Tokyo, Japan  

## 2015

**J. HAN** et al.. 2015. An evaluation on accuracy of UAVs’ autonomous landing using GPS sensor module. _In KIISE(Korean Institute of Information Scientists and Engineers) winter symposium 2015_, KIISE Pyeongchang, Republic of Korea

---

# PATENTS

## Patent Registered and Issued

**26th Jan 2016**  
Patent Application Number:10-2016-0006783, Korean Intellectual Property Office, “Unmanned Aerial Vehicle for improving landing accuracy and station comprising rotational linear slide rail”, **J. HAN**, K. W. LEE, J. S. KIM, J. H. KIM, J. H. YANG  

## Filed Patent Application, Patent Pending

**31st Dec 2016**
Patent Application Number: 10-2015-0191604, Korean Intellectual Property Office, “Method for improving landing accuracy of Unmanned Aerial Vehicle and apparatus thereof”, J. HAN, K. W. LEE, J. S. KIM, J. H. KIM, J. H. YANG  

---

# CERTIFICATIONS AND LICENSURE

**level 4, Intellectual Property Ability Test**  
_Korea Invention Promotion Association_  
Nov. 2015  

**IoT(Internet of Things) Smart convergence expert training programme**  
_Intel Korea_ and _Seoul National University of Science and Technology_  
Nov. 2015  

**National Technical Qualification: Engineer Information Processing**  
_Human Resources Development Service of Korea_  
Nov. 2014  

---

# SKILLS

## Programming Languages

* **Advanced**:
  * C/C++ (Compiler Construction)  
* **Moderate**:
  * Golang (gRPC, microservices), C#, Python (Tensorflow), Java (JUnit), Javascript (React, GraphQL, Flow, Jest, Enzyme, Puppeteer),  
* **Novice**: 
  * Elixir (Phoenix, Ecto, Absinthe, GraphQL, OTP), Erlang, OCaml, Assembly Language, Prolog, Lisp  

## Software Tools Skills

Git, Github, Slack, PivotalTracker  
Microsoft Excel for numerical mathematics/analysis, statistical calculation  

## Language Skills

* Korean: Native Language  
* English: Fluent (speaking, reading, writing)  
* Japanese: Intermediate-high (speaking), intermediate (reading, writing)  

---

# Note

* currently not open for jobs.  
* Official English name spelling change, since Mar 4th 2018 `(Previous: June Han)`

Commit message:

Add certificate for python programming as e-learning certificate

cv.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: CV
permalink: /cv/
---

# CURRENT POSITION(S)

## Master’s Student at Tokyo Institute of Technology

**Master of Engineering**: `Expected Mar. 2019`  
Global Engineering for Development, Environment and Society,  
Department of Transdisciplinary Science and Engeering,  
School of Environment and Society,  
_Tokyo Institute of Technology_  

---

# EDUCATION

**Tokyo Institute of Technology, Tokyo, Japan**  
**Master of Engineering**  
Apr. 2017 to `Mar. 2019(expected)` **(GPA: 4.06)**  
_Research Topics: Psychometrics, Universial Design, User-Centred Design, Visual Impairment_  
Graduate Major in Global Engineering for Development, Environment and Society,  
Department of Transdisciplinary Science and Engineering,  
School of Environment and Society,  
_Tokyo Institute of Technology_

**Dongguk University, Seoul, Republic of Korea**  
**Bachelor of Science in Computer Science and Engineering (Advanced Course**  
Mar. 2009 to Oct. 2016 **(GPA: 3.71)**  
Advancded Computer Science and Engineering Course  
by Accreditation Board for Engineering Education of Korea  

* _Leave of Absence_
  * _Feb. 2011 to Dec. 2012: Study Abroad – B.C., Canada_
  * _Jan. 2012 to Feb. 2012: Study Abroad – Ishikawa, Japan_
  * _Mar. 2013 to Mar. 2015: Military Service_

---

# EXPERIENCE

**Communication Ambassador**  
_ACM SIGCHI_  
Mar. 2017 to Jul. 2018  
Being a SIGCHI Communication Ambassador is an exclusive opportunity for students, researcher and professionals active in the field of Human-Computer Interaction (HCI) around the world to spread the word about SIGCHI’s mission and members’ activities across the globe.

**Software Engineering Intern**  
_Eventacular_, Tokyo, Japan  
Mar. 2018 to Jul. 2018  
Backend and Frontend Software Development  

* Responsibilities:
  * Development of a web service frontend using React.js and Relay
  * Development of a web service backend using Phoenix (a Rails-like web framework written Elixir) and GraphQL
  * Writing tests for the frontend and backend
  * Use of Docker containers for development and deployment
  * Writing automation tasks for continuous integration and continuous deployment
  * Documenting code
  * Version control using Git
  * Use of tools such as Pivotal Tracker, Slack, Github, and Circle CI
  * Following an agile development process including test-driven development, pair programming, and continuous releases

**Intern**  
_Inferret_, Tokyo, Japan  
Feb. 2018 to Apr. 2018  
Research Project Intern

**Teaching Assistant**  
_Tokyo Institute of Technology_, Tokyo, Japan  
Sep. 2017 to Nov. 2017  
LAW.X115 “Introduction to Society and Technology”  

**Internship Programme**  
_Science Museum_, London, United Kingdom  
Aug. 2017 to Aug. 2017  
Tokyo Tech Internship Programme  
LAW.X401 Science Communication Science & Engineering Design for Global Talents – Overseas Programme:    Working for Science Communication and researching on communication and interaction skills in the [museum](http://www.sciencemuseum.org.uk)  

**Teaching Assistant**  
_Tokyo Institute of Technology_, Tokyo, Japan  
Jun. 2017 to Aug. 2017  
TSE.C203 “Social Design Project”  

**Teaching Assistant**  
_Dongguk University_, Seoul, Republic of Korea   
Mar. 2016 to Jun. 2016  
TA for a compulsory undergraduate course, Software in the future society [RGC 1040-02], for new student at the university. Roles were evaluating students’ assignment, reports and exams as well as answering their questions.  

**Public Officer**  
_Sangju City Hall_, Gyeongsangbuk-do, Republic of Korea  
Feb. 2014 to Mar. 2015  
Worked as a public officer in a community centre to provide public service to citizenry.  

**Public Officer**  
_Central District Office (Jung-gu Office)_, Seoul, Republic of Korea  
Apr. 2013 to Feb. 2014  
Worked as a public officer in a community centre to public service for companies and people.  

**Research Project Assistant**  
_Dongguk University_, Seoul, Republic of Korea  
May. 2010 to Jan. 2011  
Worked as an administration assistant at Visual Simulation Lab.  

---

# WORKSHOPS & EVENTS

**Technology and Product in Context**  
_CSM, University of the Arts London_  @Tokyo Tech  
Feb 2018  
by Dr. Ulrike Oberlack from _CSM_ and prof. Kayoko Nohara from _TokyoTech_.  

**Designing Wearable Lights**  
_CSM, University of the Arts London_  @Tokyo Tech  
Nov 2017  
[CSM x TokyoTech](http://blogs.arts.ac.uk/csm/2017/10/17/tokyo-second/#) by Dr. Betti Marenko from _CSM_ and prof. Kayoko Nohara from _TokyoTech_.  

**Design Thnking Workshop**  
_d.school, Stanford University_ @Tokyo Tech  
Mar 2017  
[d.school, Stanford University Workshop at Tokyo Tech](https://www.titech.ac.jp/english/event/2017/037284.html) by T. Both, S. Witthoft, and D. Janka, MD. from _d.school_.  

---

## HONOURS AND AWARDS  

**Achievement Award**  
_Korean Information Technology Supporters_  
Dec. 2015  

**Excellence Award of Graduation Project**  
_Dept. of Computer Sci. and Eng., Dongguk University_, Seoul  
Nov. 2015  

**The President’s Special Award**  
_the President of Dongguk University_, Seoul  
Nov. 2015  

**The First Prize**  
_Dept. of Computer Sci. and Eng., Dongguk University_, Seoul  
Dec. 2012  

**Excellence Award**  
_Jeonggakwon_, Dongguk University, Seoul  
Jun. 2012  

---

# SCHOLARSHIPS

**Half Tuition Fees: 1st Quarter and 2nd Quarter (Spring, 2018)**  
_Tokyo Institute of Technology_, Tokyo, Japan  
Apr. 2018 to Aug. 2018  

**Half Tuition Fees: 3rd Quarter and 4th Quarter (Fall, 2017)**  
_Tokyo Institute of Technology_, Tokyo, Japan  
Sep. 2017 to Feb. 2018  

**Full Tuition Fees: 1st Quarter and 2nd Quarter (Spring, 2017)**  
_Tokyo Institute of Technology_, Tokyo, Japan  
Apr. 2017 to Aug. 2017  

**Monbukagakusho Honors Scholarship**  
_Japanese Student Service Organization (JASSO)_, Japan  
Apr. 2017 to Mar. 2018  

**Teaching Assistant Scholarship**  
_Dongguk University_, Seoul, Republic of Korea  
Mar. 2015 to Jun. 2015  

**Photography Exhibition Winner Scholarship**  
_Dongguk University_, Seoul, Republic of Korea  
Jun. 2012  

**Japanese Language Program Scholarship**  
_Ishikawa Foundation for International Exchange_, Ishikawa, Japan  
Feb. 2012  

---

# PUBLICATIONS

1st Author Paper only

## 2018

**J. Hahn** and F. Takahashi. 2018. Universal Design for Bins with Psychological Analysis of People's Preference. _In proceeding of the 10th Asia-Pacific Landfill Symposium (APLAS Tokyo 2018)_, Tokyo, Japan  

**J. Hahn** et al.. 2018. Universal Design of PET Bottle Bins for People with Low Vision and Analysis of People’s Psychological Preference on Each Prototype Using Pairwise Comparison Methods. _In proceeding of the 2018 Korea-China-Japan Joint Symposium_, Asan, Republic of Korea  

**J. Hahn** and F. Takahashi. 2018. Potential Universal Design of Bins for Visually Impaired People and Their Psychological Preference Analysis. _In proceeding of the 29th Annual Conference of Japan Society of Material Cycles and Waste Management (JSMCWM2018)_, Nagoya, Japan  

**J. Hahn**. 2018. The Importance of Transdisciplinary Research for Potential Universal Design of Bins. _In proceeding of the Tenth Multidisciplinary International Student Workshop (MISW2018)_, Asia Oceania Top University League on Engineering (AOTULE), Tokyo, Japan  

**J. Han** and T. Hope. 2018. Pair Matching: Transdisciplinary Study for Introducing Computational Intelligence to Guide Dog Associations. _In Proceedings of the 23rd international conference on Intelligent user interfaces (IUI ’18)_. ACM, Tokyo, Japan  

### 2015

**J. HAN** et al.. 2015. An evaluation on accuracy of UAVs’ autonomous landing using GPS sensor module. _Winter Annual Korean Institute of Information Scientists and Engineers (KIISE) symposium 2015_, Pyeongchang, Republic of Korea, pp.1473~1475  

---

# PRESENTATIONS

## 2018

**J. Hahn**. 2018. Universal Design for Bins with Psychological Analysis of People's Preference. _In proceeding of the 10th Asia-Pacific Landfill Symposium (APLAS Tokyo 2018)_, Tokyo, Japan  

**J. Hahn**. 2018. Universal Design of PET Bottle Bins for People with Low Vision and Analysis of People’s Psychological Preference on Each Prototype Using Pairwise Comparison Methods. _In proceeding of the 2018 Korea-China-Japan Joint Symposium_, Asan, Republic of Korea  

**J. Hahn**. 2018. Potential Universal Design of Bins for Visually Impaired People and Their Psychological Preference Analysis. _In proceeding of the 29th Annual Conference of Japan Society of Material Cycles and Waste Management (JSMCWM2018)_, Nagoya, Japan  

**J. Hahn**. 2018. The Importance of Transdisciplinary Research for Potential Universal Design of Bins. _In proceeding of the Tenth Multidisciplinary International Student Workshop (MISW2018)_, Asia Oceania Top University League on Engineering (AOTULE), Tokyo, Japan  

**J. HAN**. 2018. Pair Matching: Transdisciplinary Study for Introducing Computational Intelligence to Guide Dog Associations. _In Proceedings of the 23rd international conference on Intelligent user interfaces (IUI ’18)_. ACM, Tokyo, Japan  

## 2015

**J. HAN** et al.. 2015. An evaluation on accuracy of UAVs’ autonomous landing using GPS sensor module. _In KIISE(Korean Institute of Information Scientists and Engineers) winter symposium 2015_, KIISE Pyeongchang, Republic of Korea

---

# PATENTS

## Patent Registered and Issued

**26th Jan 2016**  
Patent Application Number:10-2016-0006783, Korean Intellectual Property Office, “Unmanned Aerial Vehicle for improving landing accuracy and station comprising rotational linear slide rail”, **J. HAN**, K. W. LEE, J. S. KIM, J. H. KIM, J. H. YANG  

## Filed Patent Application, Patent Pending

**31st Dec 2016**
Patent Application Number: 10-2015-0191604, Korean Intellectual Property Office, “Method for improving landing accuracy of Unmanned Aerial Vehicle and apparatus thereof”, J. HAN, K. W. LEE, J. S. KIM, J. H. KIM, J. H. YANG  

---

# CERTIFICATIONS AND LICENSURE

**level 4, Intellectual Property Ability Test**  
_Korea Invention Promotion Association_  
Nov. 2015  

**IoT(Internet of Things) Smart convergence expert training programme**  
_Intel Korea_ and _Seoul National University of Science and Technology_  
Nov. 2015  

**National Technical Qualification: Engineer Information Processing**  
_Human Resources Development Service of Korea_  
Nov. 2014  

---

# SERTIFICATIONS BY E-LEARNINGS

**Programming for Everybody (Getting Started with Python)**  
_University of Michigan_  
Dec, 2018  

---

# SKILLS

## Programming Languages

* **Advanced**:
  * C/C++ (Compiler Construction)  
* **Moderate**:
  * Golang (gRPC, microservices), C#, Python (Tensorflow), Java (JUnit), Javascript (React, GraphQL, Flow, Jest, Enzyme, Puppeteer),  
* **Novice**: 
  * Elixir (Phoenix, Ecto, Absinthe, GraphQL, OTP), Erlang, OCaml, Assembly Language, Prolog, Lisp  

## Software Tools Skills

Git, Github, Slack, PivotalTracker  
Microsoft Excel for numerical mathematics/analysis, statistical calculation  

## Language Skills

* Korean: Native Language  
* English: Fluent (speaking, reading, writing)  
* Japanese: Intermediate-high (speaking), intermediate (reading, writing)  

---

# Note

* currently not open for jobs.  
* Official English name spelling change, since Mar 4th 2018 `(Previous: June Han)`
